Bubba Foods is a Fast food delivery chains with 3 different brands – Checkerrz (fast food Pizza chain), KrispyKukad (a fast food Chicken Fry chain) and Gunpowder (A south Indian Food chain). 

Each of these divisions are independently administered. They have their own food menu and branches and their cash revenue and profits are maintained separately. The company Bubba Foods takes 10% of the profit from each of the brands while the rest of the profits is used again for development, maintenance and opening up of new chains at different geographical locations across India. As they have been rapidly increasing they want to go digital with the services. They want to create a customer application to list all their menus online which will be connected to their existing backend CRM to maintain inventory (Salesforce or any CRM of choice). The application will take orders online for delivery, Takeaway and dining and will also integrate APIs to take their orders from food delivery apps. The application should also feature Reward points for every product bought by customer which they can redeem in the store. The application should also track real time status of ingredients and if the ingredients was not available should stop displaying the menu items which has the ingredient in their recipe. The Applications should also have options to run brand advertisements and should have distinctive menus and chain listings for the brands separately. The application should also cater to customer feedback, complaints and enquiries.

Genpact-Enquero has own the L1 bid to bid the project. You goal is to develop a one stop solution for the requirements of Bubba Foods
Squad Leaders (Insert names) will be point of contact on behalf of Bubba Foods and will help understand the use cases and requirements whenever required. 
The team must first come forward with a plan on how they would solve the problems, what features need to be a part of the application, create wireframes and storyboards, develop, and deliver the MVP (Minimum Viable Product).
